Please checkout my website where all of this is stored: 
http://techu-zombieland-xxl-awesome.herokuapp.com/

Try to do the following to the best of your ability. Please put answers into
a github repository.

1. Create a basic 1-5 page zombie survival website. This site should utilize
modern Responsive Web Design concepts to scale between desktop &
mobile viewing.

2. Create a program that sorts a list of ninja related book titles
alphabetically. Once sorted, it should output them as if they were sitting
on a bookshelf (e.g. the titles are written downwards besides each other).
It should look something like this:

f b h w
o a e o
o r l r
l l
o d

BONUS: Write the alphabetical sorting algorithm yourself.

3. You have just been asked to create a zoo, which showcases at least
2 dragons. How would you go about building a habitat that keeps the
dragons safe and healthy, as well as keeps the customers alive? Please
explain each step of your design and how it helps accomplish your two
goals.

4. Describe what excites you about Zappos and more specifically this
apprenticeshiop. BONUS: Submit a video (less than 5 minutes) answering.

(Put these in a github repository.)

BONUS!

Build a program that can generate a random and valid sudoku puzzle.

BONUS (THE SEQUEL)!

Build a to-do list that allows for adding, editing and deleting items. As a
second phase make it possible to sort and save the list.

*Feel free to use any persistent storage you want (cookies, localStorage,

indexDB, MySql, etc.).

Try to accomplish the add, edit and deleting first, as they are the most
important.

Get creative and have fun with it!